readme.rst, before:

###################
What is CodeIgniter
###################

CodeIgniter is an Application Development Framework - a toolkit - for people
who build web sites using PHP. Its goal is to enable you to develop projects
much faster than you could if you were writing code from scratch, by providing
a rich set of libraries for commonly needed tasks, as well as a simple
interface and logical structure to access these libraries. CodeIgniter lets
you creatively focus on your project by minimizing the amount of code needed
for a given task.

*******************
Release Information
*******************

This repo contains in-development code for future releases. To download the
latest stable release please visit the `CodeIgniter Downloads
<https://codeigniter.com/download>`_ page.

**************************
Changelog and New Features
**************************

You can find a list of all changes for each release in the `user
guide change log <https://github.com/bcit-ci/CodeIgniter/blob/develop/user_guide_src/source/changelog.rst>`_.

*******************
Server Requirements
*******************

PHP version 5.6 or newer is recommended.

It should work on 5.3.7 as well, but we strongly advise you NOT to run
such old versions of PHP, because of potential security and performance
issues, as well as missing features.

************
Installation
************

Please see the `installation section <https://codeigniter.com/user_guide/installation/index.html>`_
of the CodeIgniter User Guide.

*******
License
*******

Please see the `license
agreement <https://github.com/bcit-ci/CodeIgniter/blob/develop/user_guide_src/source/license.rst>`_.

*********
Resources
*********

-  `User Guide <https://codeigniter.com/docs>`_
-  `Language File Translations <https://github.com/bcit-ci/codeigniter3-translations>`_
-  `Community Forums <http://forum.codeigniter.com/>`_
-  `Community Wiki <https://github.com/bcit-ci/CodeIgniter/wiki>`_
-  `Community Slack Channel <https://codeigniterchat.slack.com>`_

Report security issues to our `Security Panel <mailto:security@codeigniter.com>`_
or via our `page on HackerOne <https://hackerone.com/codeigniter>`_, thank you.

***************
Acknowledgement
***************

The CodeIgniter team would like to thank EllisLab, all the
contributors to the CodeIgniter project and you, the CodeIgniter user.

Commit message:

Update readme.rst (+links)
Just updated the default CodeIgniter short introduction page become a Königeld short guide. Somehow not all links worked and will be soon added.

readme.rst, after:

###################
What is Königeld
###################

Königeld is a point of sale system for people who build new or small businesses. Its goal is to enable you to develop projects
much faster than you could if you were writing code from scratch, by providing
a rich set of libraries for commonly needed tasks, as well as a simple
interface and logical structure to access these libraries. CodeIgniter lets
you creatively focus on your project by minimizing the amount of code needed
for a given task.

*******************
Information
*******************

This system contains in-development code for future releases. To view the
latest stable release please visit the `Königeld
<https://konigeld.com/>`_ main page.

**************************
Updates
**************************

Updates could be done for each release or improvements on the `GitHub commits <https://github.com/jojobudiman/konigeld>`_.

*******************
Server Requirements
*******************

PHP version 5.6 or newer is recommended.
Pace/AJAX for an instant reload.

************
Installation
************

Please see the `installation section <https://codeigniter.com/user_guide/installation/index.html>`_
of the CodeIgniter User Guide.


*********
Resources
*********

-  `User Guide <https://konigeld.com/docs>`_
-  `Facebook <http://facebook.com/>`_
-  `Twitter <https://twitter.com>`_
-  `Instagram <https://instagram.com>`_

Report any issues or questions to our `mail <mailto:contact@konigeld.com>`_
or via our contact `page <https://konigeld.com/contact>`_, thank you.

***************
Acknowledgement
***************

The Königeld team would like to thank Double Jo's, all the
menbers to the Königeld point of sale systsm project and you, the user who use our system.

************
Languages
************

The short guide is written in English language. For other languages, please kindly check
the other pages below.

- `Bahasa Indonesia <https://github.com/jojobudiman/konigeld/source/master/readme-id.rst>`_
- `日本語 <https://github.com/jojobudiman/konigeld/source/master/readme-jp.rst>`_
